General wait a minute
I'll handle it.
Do you want to be remote? Yes.
Are you satisfied?
No, you're going to testify, right?
And you.
Waiting for his famous sword
We didn't stop the sharp man in time
Let him subvert General Ye's general
It's our responsibility.
But you have yin everywhere.
Then he said that this person in the wind is bold
How dare you forge the secret order of the Sword of Saint Luo
Lin Fengru's security guard didn't know the truth and didn't dare to arrest him
So it gave him an opportunity
Make a general chair
Can't speak clearly
What mistake did you do yourself?
You don't even know
What are you stepping on?
Ah!
His Excellency the Governor
That crazy woman
He took such a bad brand
Impersonating Mori Lou Temple
What kind of queen are you?
He deserved to die.
The damn person is you
Ji Hai, I know
He's the fox spirit you raised outside
But at this time, you must not be confused.
Can't be soft-hearted?
He just choked me
And shaved my stomach
It made me vomit blood.
You protected him so much in front of General Ye
Did you hurt yourself?
Sister, you are harming yourself
What do you mean?
You are Sun Shangxiang
General Ye is me
Tell me where the Mu Qinghe is